Update and extend lazer mod articles (#14794)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Autopilot_(lazer)/en.md

:::

*For the osu!stable version of this article, see: [Autopilot (mod)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Autopilot)*\
*For the full list of all [lazer](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer) mods, see: [Game modifier (lazer)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer))*

The **Autopilot** mod automatically moves the cursor through the [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) perfectly, allowing the user to play by only clicking on the [hit objects](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object) on time. The mods also moves the cursor in a spinning motion whenever a [spinner](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Spinner) appears, but the player still has to press a key or mouse button for the spinner to be completed. Like [Autoplay (AT)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Autoplay_(lazer)) and unlike [Spun Out (SO)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Spun_Out_(lazer)), Autopilot spins counterclockwise at a speed of 477 spins per minute (SPM).

> When using [Autopilot (AP)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Autopilot) in osu!stable, the player cannot fail during a beatmap. This is not the case in osu!(lazer). Another difference to osu!stable is that scores achieved with this mod will be submitted to the global leaderboard (without awarding [performance points](/wiki/Performance_points)), show up under *Recent Plays (24h)* and count towards play count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using [Autopilot (AP)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Autopilot) in osu!(stable), the player cannot fail during a beatmap. This is not the case in osu!(lazer). Another difference to osu!(stable) is that scores achieved with this mod will be submitted to the global leaderboard (without awarding [performance points](/wiki/Performance_points)), show up under *Recent Plays (24h)* in player profiles and count towards play count.
```

**Note:** For the full list of all [lazer](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer) mods, see [Game modifier (lazer)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer))
:::

The **Autopilot** mod automatically moves the cursor through the [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) perfectly, allowing the user to play by only clicking on the [hit objects](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object) on time. The mods also moves the cursor in a spinning motion whenever a [spinner](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Spinner) appears, but the player still has to press a key or mouse button for the spinner to be completed. Like [Autoplay (AT)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Autoplay_(lazer)) and unlike [Spun Out (SO)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Spun_Out_(lazer)), Autopilot spins counterclockwise at a speed of 477 spins per minute (SPM).

> When using [Autopilot (AP)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Autopilot) in osu!(stable), the player cannot fail during a beatmap. This is not the case in osu!(lazer). Another difference to osu!(stable) is that scores achieved with this mod will be submitted to the global leaderboard (without awarding [performance points](/wiki/Performance_points)), show up under *Recent Plays (24h)* in player profiles and count towards play count.

Reviewer 2: I think this is much better rephrased as below to make it more palatable:

```suggestion
In osu!(lazer), completing a beatmap with Autopilot triggers a score submission without awarding [performance points](/wiki/Performance_points). It is also possible, unlike in osu!(stable), to fail the beatmap during the play.
```
